[r@m] ➜  docs (main) ✗ neofetch
                    /-                      razak@ArcoLinux
                   ooo:                     ---------------
                  yoooo/                    OS: ArcoLinux
                 yooooooo                   Kernel: 5.12.4-arch1-2
                yooooooooo                  Uptime: 1 hour, 17 mins
               yooooooooooo                 Packages: 1082 (pacman)
             .yooooooooooooo                Shell: zsh 5.8
            .oooooooooooooooo               Resolution: 1366x768
           .oooooooarcoooooooo              WM: dwm
          .ooooooooo-oooooooooo             Theme: Arc-Dark [GTK2/3]
         .ooooooooo-  oooooooooo            Icons: Sardi-Arc [GTK2/3]
        :ooooooooo.    :ooooooooo           Terminal: tmux
       :ooooooooo.      :ooooooooo          CPU: Intel Celeron N3350 (2) @ 2.400GHz
      :oooarcooo         .oooarcooo         GPU: Intel HD Graphics 500
     :ooooooooy           .ooooooooo        Memory: 1583MiB / 3768MiB (42%)
    :ooooooooo   /ooooooooooooooooooo
   :ooooooooo      .-ooooooooooooooooo.
  ooooooooo-             -ooooooooooooo.
 ooooooooo-                 .-oooooooooo.
ooooooooo.                     -ooooooooo

[r@m] ➜  docs (main) ✗ tmux capture-pane -p >> ./test

A specter is haunting the modern world, the specter of crypto liberty.
Computer technology is on the verge of providing the ability for individuals and
groups to communicate and interact with each other in a totally anonymous
manner. Two persons may exchange messages, conduct business, and negotiate
electronic contracts without ever knowing the True Name, or legal identity, of
the other. Interactions over networks will be untraceable, via extensive re-
routing of encrypted packets and tamper-proof boxes which implement
cryptographic protocols with nearly perfect assurance against any tampering.
Reputations will be of central importance, far more important in dealings than
even the credit ratings of today. These developments will alter completely the
nature of government regulation, the ability to tax and control economic
interactions, the ability to keep information secret, and will even alter the
nature of trust and reputation. The technology for this revolution--and it
surely will be both a social and economic revolution--has existed in theory for
the past decade. The methods are based upon public-key encryption,
zero-knowledge interactive proof systems, and various software protocols for
interaction, authentication, and verification. The focus has until now been on
academic conferences in Europe and the U.S., conferences monitored closely by
the National Security Agency. But only recently have computer networks and
personal computers attained sufficient speed to make the ideas practically
realizable. And the next ten years will bring enough additional speed to make
the ideas economically feasible and essentially unstoppable. High-speed
networks, ISDN, tamper-proof boxes, smart cards, satellites, Ku-band
transmitters, multi-MIPS personal computers, and encryption chips now under
development will be some of the enabling technologies.
The State will of course try to slow or halt the spread of this technology,
citing national security concerns, use of the technology by drug dealers and tax
evaders, and fears of societal disintegration. Many of these concerns will be
valid; crypto liberty will allow national secrets to be trade freely and will
allow illicit and stolen materials to be traded. An anonymous computerized
market will even make possible abhorrent markets for assassinations and
extortion. Various criminal and foreign elements will be active users of
CryptoNet. But this will not halt the spread of crypto liberty. Just as the
technology of printing altered and reduced the power of medieval guilds and the
social power structure, so too will cryptologic methods fundamentally alter the
nature of corporations and of government interference in economic transactions.
Combined with emerging information markets, crypto liberty will create a liquid
market for any and all material which can be put into words and pictures. And
just as a seemingly minor invention like barbed wire made possible the
fencing-off of vast ranches and farms, thus altering forever the concepts of
land and property rights in the frontier West, so too will the seemingly minor
discovery out of an arcane branch of mathematics come to be the wire clippers
which dismantle the barbed wire around intellectual property.
Arise, you have nothing to lose but your barbed wire fences!






















